Document user overrides (#415)
stackabletech/documentation: modules/concepts/pages/user_overrides/env_overrides.adoc

> = Env overrides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Environment variable overrides
```

WARNING: Overriding certain configurations can lead to faulty clusters. User overrides should only be used as a last resort!

For a role or role group, at the same level of `config`, you can specify `envOverrides` for any env variable

An example for an HDFS clusters looks as follows:

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: hdfs.stackable.tech/v1alpha1
kind: HdfsCluster
metadata:
  name: simple-hdfs
spec:
  nameNodes: # change to your your role
    config: # [..]
    envOverrides: # on role level
      MY_ENV_VAR: "MY_VALUE"
    configOverrides: # on role level
      core-site.xml: # change to your desired configuration file
        fs.trash.interval: "5"
    roleGroups:
      default:
        config: # [..]
        envOverrides: # on rolegroup level, takes precedence over the ones specified at role level
          MY_ENV_VAR: "MY_VALUE"
        replicas: 1
----

> The env vars you can set dependents on the individual product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The environment variables you can set depend on the specific product.
```
